Rely on official documentation for how to perform operations with the… (#966)
theforeman/foreman-installer: README.md

# Overview

> A puppet-based installer that relies on scenarios to provide configuration and default scenario values.

Reviewer: IMHO Kafo is more important:
```suggestion
A [Kafo](https://github.com/theforeman/kafo)-based installer that relies on scenarios to provide configuration and default scenario values.
```

Installs Foreman as a standalone application or using apache passenger.

Installs Foreman Proxy

May install an example puppet master setup using passenger as well, including the tweaks required for foreman.
A puppet-based installer that relies on scenarios to provide configuration and default scenario values.
Available scenarios are:

 * foreman
 * katello
 * foreman-proxy-content

# Installation

## Stable release

Releases of foreman-installer are made via RPM and deb packages and are
published via the normal Foreman repositories.
Releases of foreman-installer are made via RPM and deb packages and are published via the normal Foreman repositories.

See the manual and quickstart guide available at [theforeman.org](http://theforeman.org/).

## Using GIT

> git clone --recursive git://github.com/theforeman/foreman-installer.git -b develop

Reviewer: Fun fact: GitHub disabled their `git://` access a long time ago.
